A beautiful, smart, and loving person will be coming into your life.	Confucius
A dubious friend may be an enemy in camouflage.	Confucius
A faithful friend is a strong defense.	Confucius
A feather in the hand is better than a bird in the air.	Confucius
A fresh start will put you on your way.	Confucius
A friend asks only for your time not your money.	Confucius
A friend is a present you give yourself.	Confucius
A gambler not only will lose what he has, but also will lose what he doesn't have.	Confucius
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this month.	Confucius
A good friendship is often more important than a passionate romance.	Confucius
A good time to finish up old tasks.	Confucius
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.	Confucius
A lifetime friend shall soon be made.	Confucius
A lifetime of happiness lies ahead of you.	Confucius
A light heart carries you through all the hard times.	Confucius
A new outlook brightens your image and brings new friends.	Confucius
A new perspective will come with the new year.	Confucius
A person is never to old to learn.	Confucius
A person of words and not deeds is like a garden full of weeds.	Confucius
A pleasant surprise is waiting for you.	Confucius
A short pencil is usually better than a long memory any day.	Confucius
A small donation is call for. It's the right thing to do.	Confucius
A smile is your personal welcome mat.	Confucius
A smooth long journey! Great expectations.	Confucius
A soft voice may be awfully persuasive.	Confucius
A truly rich life contains love and art in abundance.	Confucius
Accept something that you cannot change, and you will feel better.	Confucius
Adventure can be real happiness.	Confucius
Advice is like kissing. It costs nothing and is a pleasant thing to do.	Confucius
Advice, when most needed, is least heeded.	Confucius
All the effort you are making will ultimately pay off.	Confucius
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.	Confucius
All will go well with your new project.	Confucius
All your hard work will soon pay off.	Confucius
Allow compassion to guide your decisions.	Confucius
An acquaintance of the past will affect you in the near future.	Confucius
An agreeable romance might begin to take on the appearance.	Confucius
An important person will offer you support.	Confucius
An inch of time is an inch of gold.	Confucius
Any day above ground is a good day.	Confucius
Any decision you have to make tomorrow is a good decision.	Confucius
At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet.	Confucius
Be careful or you could fall for some tricks today.	Confucius
Beauty in its various forms appeals to you.	Confucius
Because you demand more from yourself, others respect you deeply.	Confucius
Believe in yourself and others will too.	Confucius
Believe it can be done.	Confucius
Better ask twice than lose yourself once.	Confucius
Bide your time, for success is near.	Confucius
Carve your name on your heart and not on marble.	Confucius
Chance favors those in motion.	Confucius
Change is happening in your life, so go with the flow!	Confucius
Competence like yours is underrated.	Confucius
Congratulations! You are on your way.	Confucius
Could I get some directions to your heart?	Confucius
Courtesy begins in the home.	Confucius
Courtesy is contagious.	Confucius
Curiosity kills boredom. Nothing can kill curiosity.	Confucius
Dedicate yourself with a calm mind to the task at hand.	Confucius
Depart not from the path which fate has you assigned.	Confucius
Determination is what you need now.	Confucius
Diligence and modesty can raise your social status.	Confucius
Disbelief destroys the magic.	Confucius
Distance yourself from the vain.	Confucius
Do not be intimidated by the eloquence of others.	Confucius
Do not demand for someone's soul if you already got his heart.	Confucius
Do not let ambitions overshadow small success.	Confucius
Do not make extra work for yourself.	Confucius
Do not underestimate yourself. Human beings have unlimited potentials.	Confucius
Do you know that the busiest person has the largest amount of time?	Confucius
Don't be discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.	Confucius
Don't confuse recklessness with confidence.	Confucius
Don't expect romantic attachments to be strictly logical or rational.	Confucius
Don't just spend time. Invest it.	Confucius
Don't just think, act!	Confucius
Don't let friends impose on you, work calmly and silently.	Confucius
Don't let the past and useless detail choke your existence.	Confucius
Don't let your limitations overshadow your talents.	Confucius
Don't worry; prosperity will knock on your door soon.	Confucius
Each day, compel yourself to do something you would rather not do.	Confucius
Education is the ability to meet life's situations.	Confucius
Embrace this love relationship you have!	Confucius
Emulate what you admire in your parents.	Confucius
Emulate what you respect in your friends.	Confucius
Every flower blooms in its own sweet time.	Confucius
Every wise man started out by asking many questions.	Confucius
Everyday in your life is a special occasion.	Confucius
Everywhere you choose to go, friendly faces will greet you.	Confucius
Expect much of yourself and little of others.	Confucius
Failure is the chance to do better next time.	Confucius
Failure is the path of lease persistence.	Confucius
Fear and desire ' two sides of the same coin.	Confucius
Fearless courage is the foundation of victory.	Confucius
Feeding a cow with roses does not get extra appreciation.	Confucius
First think of what you want to do; then do what you have to do.	Confucius
Follow the middle path. Neither extreme will make you happy.	Confucius
For hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is conquered by love.	Confucius
For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them.	Confucius
Fortune Not Found: Abort, Retry, Ignore?	Confucius
From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.	Confucius
From now on your kindness will lead you to success.	Confucius
Get your mind set ' confidence will lead you on.	Confucius
Get your mind set'confidence will lead you on.	Confucius
Go for the gold today! You'll be the champion of whatever.	Confucius
Go take a rest; you deserve it.	Confucius
Good news will be brought to you by mail.	Confucius
Good news will come to you by mail.	Confucius
Good to begin well, better to end well.	Confucius
Happiness begins with facing life with a smile and a wink.	Confucius
Happiness will bring you good luck.	Confucius
Happy life is just in front of you.	Confucius
Hard words break no bones, fine words butter no parsnips.	Confucius
Have a beautiful day.	Confucius
He who expects no gratitude shall never be disappointed.	Confucius
He who knows he has enough is rich.	Confucius
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.	Confucius
Help! I'm being held prisoner in a chinese bakery!	Confucius
How many of you believe in psycho-kinesis? Raise my hand.	Confucius
How you look depends on where you go.	Confucius
I learn by going where I have to go.	Confucius
If a true sense of value is to be yours it must come through service.	Confucius
If certainty were truth, we would never be wrong.	Confucius
If you continually give, you will continually have.	Confucius
If you look in the right places, you can find some good offerings.	Confucius
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.	Confucius
If you wish to see the best in others, show the best of yourself.	Confucius
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be granted.	Confucius
If your desires are not to extravagant they will be granted.	Confucius
If you're feeling down, try throwing yourself into your work.	Confucius
Imagination rules the world.	Confucius
In order to take, one must first give.	Confucius
In the end all things will be known.	Confucius
In this world of contradiction, It's better to be merry than wise.	Confucius
It could be better, but its [sic] good enough.	Confucius
It is better to be an optimist and proven a fool than to be a pessimist and be proven right.	Confucius
It is better to deal with problems before they arise.	Confucius
It is honorable to stand up for what is right, however unpopular it seems.	Confucius
It is worth reviewing some old lessons.	Confucius
It takes courage to admit fault.	Confucius
It's not the amount of time you devote, but what you devote to the time that counts.	Confucius
It's time to get moving. Your spirits will lift accordingly.	Confucius
Keep your face to the sunshine and you will never see shadows.	Confucius
Let the world be filled with tranquility and goodwill.	Confucius
Like the river flow into the sea. Something are just meant to be.	Confucius
Listen not to vain words of empty tongue.	Confucius
Listen to everyone. Ideas come from everywhere.	Confucius
Living with a commitment to excellence shall take you far.	Confucius
Long life is in store for you.	Confucius
Love is a warm fire to keep the soul warm.	Confucius
Love is like sweet medicine, good to the last drop.	Confucius
Love lights up the world.	Confucius
Love truth, but pardon error.	Confucius
Man is born to live and not prepared to live.	Confucius
Man's mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains it's original dimensions.	Confucius
Many will travel to hear you speak.	Confucius
Meditation with an old enemy is advised.	Confucius
Miles are covered one step at a time.	Confucius
Nature, time and patience are the three great physicians.	Confucius
Never fear! The end of something marks the start of something new.	Confucius
New ideas could be profitable.	Confucius
New people will bring you new realizations, especially about big issues.	Confucius
No one can walk backwards into the future.	Confucius
Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide.	Confucius
Now is a good time to buy stock.	Confucius
Now is the time to go ahead and pursue that love interest!	Confucius
Now is the time to try something new	Confucius
Now is the time to try something new.	Confucius
Observe all men, but most of all yourself.	Confucius
One can never fill another's shoes, rather he must outgrow the old shoes.	Confucius
One of the first things you should look for in a problem is its positive side.	Confucius
Others can help you now.	Confucius
Pennies from heaven find their way to your doorstep this year!	Confucius
People are attracted by your Delicate [sic] features.	Confucius
People find it difficult to resist your persuasive manner.	Confucius
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on saving.	Confucius
Physical activity will dramatically improve your outlook today.	Confucius
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.	Confucius
Place special emphasis on old friendship.	Confucius
Please visit us at www.wontonfood.com	Confucius
Po Says: Pandas like eating bamboo, but I prefer mine dipped in chocolate.	Confucius
Practice makes perfect.	Confucius
Protective measures will prevent costly disasters.	Confucius
Put your mind into planning today. Look into the future.	Confucius
Remember the birthday but never the age.	Confucius
Remember to share good fortune as well as bad with your friends.	Confucius
Rest has a peaceful effect on your physical and emotional health.	Confucius
Resting well is as important as working hard.	Confucius
Romance moves you in a new direction.	Confucius
Savor your freedom ' it is precious.	Confucius
Say hello to others. You will have a happier day.	Confucius
Self-knowledge is a life long process.	Confucius
Share your joys and sorrows with your family.	Confucius
Sift through your past to get a better idea of the present.	Confucius
Sloth makes all things difficult; industry all easy.	Confucius
Small confidences mark the onset of a friendship.	Confucius
Smile when you are ready.	Confucius
Society prepares the crime; the criminal commits it.	Confucius
Someone you care about seeks reconciliation.	Confucius
Soon life will become more interesting.	Confucius
Stand tall. Don't look down upon yourself.	Confucius
Staying close to home is going to be best for your morale today	Confucius
Stop searching forever, happiness is just next to you.	Confucius
Strong reasons make strong actions.	Confucius
Stuff happens. It is your response that counts.	Confucius
Success is a journey, not a destination.	Confucius
Success is failure turned inside out.	Confucius
Success is going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.	Confucius
Swimming is easy. Stay floating is hard.	Confucius
Take care and sensitivity you show towards others will return to you.	Confucius
Take the high road.	Confucius
Technology is the art of arranging the world so we do not notice it.	Confucius
The architect of your destiny is yourself.	Confucius
The austerity you see around you covers the richness of life like a veil.	Confucius
The best men are molded of their faults.	Confucius
The best prediction of future is the past.	Confucius
The change you started already have far-reaching effects. Be ready.	Confucius
The change you started already have far-reaching effects. Be ready.	Confucius
The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell.	Confucius
The greatest achievement in life is to stand up again after falling.	Confucius
The harder you work, the luckier you get.	Confucius
The night life is for you.	Confucius
The one that recognizes the illusion does not act as if it is real.	Confucius
The only people who never fail are those who never try.	Confucius
The person who will not stand for something will fall for anything.	Confucius
The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next.	Confucius
The saints are the sinners who keep on trying.	Confucius
The secret to good friends is no secret to you.	Confucius
The small courtesies sweeten life, the greater ennoble it.	Confucius
The smart thing to do is to begin trusting your intuitions.	Confucius
The strong person understands how to withstand substantial loss.	Confucius
The sure way to predict the future is to invent it.	Confucius
The truly generous share, even with the undeserving.	Confucius
The value lies not within any particular thing, but in the desire placed on that thing.	Confucius
The weather is wonderful.	Confucius
There is a time for caution, but not for fear.	Confucius
There is no mistake so great as that of being always right.	Confucius
There is no wisdom greater than kindness.	Confucius
There is not greater pleasure than seeing your lived ones prosper.	Confucius
There's no such thing as an ordinary cat.	Confucius
Things don't just happen; they happen just.	Confucius
Those who care will make the effort.	Confucius
Time and patience are called for many surprises await you!.	Confucius
Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time	Confucius
To know oneself, one should assert oneself.	Confucius
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.	Confucius
Today is the conserve yourself, as things just won't budge.	Confucius
Today, your mouth might be moving but no one is listening.	Confucius
Tonight you will be blinded by passion.	Confucius
Use your eloquence where it will do the most good.	Confucius
We first make our habits, and then our habits make us.	Confucius
Welcome change.	Confucius
'Welcome' is a powerful word.	Confucius
Well done is better than well said.	Confucius
What's hidden in an empty box?	Confucius
What's that in your eye? Oh'it's a sparkle.	Confucius
What's yours in mine, and what's mine is mine.	Confucius
When more become too much. It's same as being not enough.	Confucius
When your heart is pure, your mind is clear.	Confucius
Wish you happiness.	Confucius
With age comes wisdom.	Confucius
You adventure could lead to happiness.	Confucius
You always bring others happiness.	Confucius
You are a person of another time.	Confucius
You are a talented storyteller.	Confucius
You are admired by everyone for your talent and ability.	Confucius
You are almost there.	Confucius
You are busy, but you are happy.	Confucius
You are generous to an extreme and always think of the other fellow.	Confucius
You are going to have some new clothes.	Confucius
You are in good hands this evening.	Confucius
You are interested in higher education, whether material or spiritual.	Confucius
You are modest and courteous.	Confucius
You are never selfish with your advice or your help.	Confucius
You are next in line for promotion in your firm.	Confucius
You are offered the dream of a lifetime. Say yes!	Confucius
You are open-minded and quick to make new friends.	Confucius
You are solid and dependable.	Confucius
You are soon going to change your present line of work.	Confucius
You are talented in many ways.	Confucius
You are the master of every situation.	Confucius
You are very expressive and positive in words, act and feeling.	Confucius
You are working hard.	Confucius
You begin to appreciate how important it is to share your personal beliefs.	Confucius
You can keep a secret.	Confucius
You can see a lot just by looking.	Confucius
You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first.	Confucius
You desire recognition and you will find it.	Confucius
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.	Confucius
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.	Confucius
You have a friendly heart and are well admired.	Confucius
You have a shrewd knack for spotting insincerity.	Confucius
You have a yearning for perfection.	Confucius
You have an active mind and a keen imagination.	Confucius
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.	Confucius
You have an unusual equipment for success, use it properly.	Confucius
You have exceeded what was expected.	Confucius
You have had a good start. Work harder!	Confucius
You have the power to write your own fortune.	Confucius
You have yearning for perfection.	Confucius
You know where you are going and how to get there.	Confucius
You look pretty.	Confucius
You love challenge.	Confucius
You love chinese food.	Confucius
You make people realize that there exist other beauties in the world.	Confucius
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.	Confucius
You never know who you touch.	Confucius
You only treasure what you lost.	Confucius
You seek to shield those you love and like the role of provider.	Confucius
You should be able to make money and hold on to it.	Confucius
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.	Confucius
You should pay for this check. Be generous.	Confucius
You understand how to have fun with others and to enjoy your solitude.	Confucius
You will always be surrounded by true friends.	Confucius
You will always get what you want through your charm and personality.	Confucius
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.	Confucius
You will be a great success both in the business world and society.	Confucius
You will be blessed with longevity.	Confucius
You will be pleasantly surprised tonight.	Confucius
You will be sharing great news with all the people you love.	Confucius
You will be successful in your work.	Confucius
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.	Confucius
You will be unusually successful in business.	Confucius
You will become a great philanthropist in your later years.	Confucius
You will become more and more wealthy.	Confucius
You will enjoy good health.	Confucius
You will enjoy good health; you will be surrounded by luxury.	Confucius
You will find great contentment in the daily, routine activities.	Confucius
You will have a fine capacity for the enjoyment of life.	Confucius
You will have gold pieces by the bushel.	Confucius
You will inherit a large sum of money.	Confucius
You will make change for the better.	Confucius
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter.	Confucius
You will take a chance in something in near future.	Confucius
You will travel far and wide, both pleasure and business.	Confucius
You will travel far and wide,both pleasure and business.	Confucius
Your abilities are unparalleled.	Confucius
Your ability is appreciated.	Confucius
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.	Confucius
Your biggest virtue is your modesty.	Confucius
Your character can be described as natural and unrestrained.	Confucius
Your difficulties will strengthen you.	Confucius
Your dreams are never silly; depend on them to guide you.	Confucius
Your dreams are worth your best efforts to achieve them.	Confucius
Your energy returns and you get things done.	Confucius
Your family is young, gifted and attractive.	Confucius
Your first love has never forgotten you.	Confucius
Your goal will be reached very soon.	Confucius
Your happiness is before you, not behind you! Cherish it.	Confucius
Your hard work will payoff today.	Confucius
Your heart will always make itself known through your words.	Confucius
Your home is the center of great love.	Confucius
Your ideals are well within your reach.	Confucius
Your infinite capacity for patience will be rewarded sooner or later.	Confucius
Your leadership qualities will be tested and proven.	Confucius
Your life will be happy and peaceful.	Confucius
Your life will get more and more exciting.	Confucius
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.	Confucius
Your love of music will be an important part of your life.	Confucius
Your loyalty is a virtue, but not when it's wedded with blind stubbornness.	Confucius
Your mentality is alert, practical, and analytical.	Confucius
Your mind is creative, original and alert.	Confucius
Your mind is your greatest asset.	Confucius
Your moods signal a period of change.	Confucius
Your quick wits will get you out of a tough situation.	Confucius
Your reputation is your wealth.	Confucius
Your success will astonish everyone.	Confucius
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.	Confucius
Your work interests can capture the highest status or prestige.	Confucius
Fat boy, you eat too much!	Steve
Tomorrow Morning, go left when you leave the house.	Steve
When spring comes, you will need 2 umbrellas.	Matt
A horse in the field is worth 2 in the stable.	Matt
Fried chicken is not considered Chinese food.	Matt
You can lead a fish to water and he will thank you profusely.	Matt
You're close to something special, keep going!	Matt
Your only enemy is time.	Matt
Look outside the window of opportunity into the field of success.	Matt
Turn your haters into waiters at the table of success.	Matt
Turn your haters into potaters at the fields of success.	Matt
Turn your haters into containers at the packager of success.	Matt
Turn your haters into drainers at the Soundcloud of success.	Matt
You should turn around now.	Matt
The remote is under your sofa.	Matt
A large sum of something is approaching fast!	Matt
Try the Dim Sung Noodles!	Matt
Just as a bird flies, so to does the cricket.	Matt
Dine on something else next time.	Matt
Burritos anyone?	Dave
Things aren't looking so good for you!	Matt
Drink more water.	Matt
Try mercury, it's the secret to eternal life!	Matt
18% of people eat the cookie with the fortune still inside.	Matt
Sending satellites to space makes Earth lighter, new study suggests.	Matt
Let me tell you something.	Matt
The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence.	Matt
The waters always clearer on the other side of the lake.	Matt
The pen is mightier than the sword.	Matt
You can move with W S A D and jump with Space.	Matt
Follow the rhythm of your heart unless its 180 BPM.	Matt
Clean your shower with bleach to reduce soap stains.	Matt
Climb the ladder of success until your haters look like ants.	Matt
Walk a mile in another mans shoes unless they don't fit.	Matt
Entering a strange place may change you forever.	Matt
Being tired causes the drowsy debuff, which after 10 turns will put you to sleep.	Matt
Have a drink and be merry while you still can.	Matt
Root beer is made differently now than it was years ago.	Matt
You can get 10% off your next order with code DaveOfTheDay.	Matt
Try using Typescript instead of Javascript.	Matt
You can get under low obstacles by pressing CTRL to crouch.	Matt
Don't dream its over.	Matt
You can dodge attacks by timing the E key right before getting hit.	Matt
Press I to open your inventory.	Matt
Smile! It's the one thing no one will get mad about.	Matt
Try this new perfume, its called ????????.	Matt
Take the red and blue pill simultaneously for bizarre effects.	Matt
Press Left Click to select an object.	Matt
You can look around the map by pressing M.	Matt
Forget about what made you sad yesterday and consider what will make you happy today.	Matt
Kill your enemies.	Matt
If you work 8 hours a day, then on average you will spend 24% of your life working.	Matt
Always keep a revive handy in case you meet an untimely demise.	Matt
Try watering a random plant every day.	Matt
Get yourself a little gift, you earned it.	Matt
Purchase something useless, then give it to a friend.	Matt
Read one chapter of a book per day.	Matt
Try sleeping one hour earlier.	Matt
Magic tonics do not exist.	Matt
Use scissors to open packages instead of a knife.	Matt
You can clean corroded copper with vinegar.	Matt
Try having a cup of tea today.	Matt
Pick yourself up and go to work.	Matt
If you need to sleep at work, do it next to a ladder.	Matt
Equipping wings negates all fall damage!	Matt
You can get back home quickly with the magic mirror.	Matt
Try defeating the Ender Dragon.	Matt
Scope creep doesn't exist just keep coding.	Matt
Turn right as you leave the house this morning.	Matt
Create something with your hands.	Matt
You can find answers to any question on the internet.	Matt
If you have too many coins, take them to Coin Star.	Matt
By 2150, the price of a single banana is projected to be over $10.	Matt
We are all mice in paradise.	Matt
Meet a new person by acting like a normal human being.	Matt
Watching a horror movie will make you scared.	Matt
Monster's Inc. is considered a subversion of the horror genre.	Matt
You can download a movie for free if you try hard enough.	Matt
If you enjoyed this meal, come back and try another one next time!	Matt
You can learn to play an instrument, but it cannot play you.	Matt
The voice is the only biological instrument.	Matt
Try cleaning your room of all dust... pretty challenging right?	Matt
You can invest in anything that accepts money.	Matt
You can eat an entire cow but some parts are worse than others.	Matt
Go camping to experience primitivism for a bit.	Matt
Once you graduate school, you can still learn from the internet.	Matt
Try coding something in Javascript.	Matt
There are no rungs on the ladder of success.	Matt
Try this drink next time: ???????.	Matt
You should watch your back!	Matt
You should wash your back!	Matt
Look at someone you know until they look away.	Matt
A hamster is a rodent with emotions.	Matt
Dogs sneeze to signify they are playing.	Matt
A cat will jump as high as it thinks it can, some reaching 400ft.	Matt
Have a cup of coffee after dinner.	Matt
A Red Bull can come in Blue and Yellow as well.	Matt
Solve a puzzle then put it away.	Matt
Align all your photos west.	Matt
Don't dream its over.	Matt
There's always something there to remind me.	Matt
Walk 2 feet forward then 1 foot backwards the entire day.	Matt
Look Ma; No hands!	Matt